“Today I will do what others won’t, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can’t.” —Jerry Rice
“Do something today that your future self will thank you for.” —Unknown
“We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act but a habit.” —Aristotle
“No matter how slow you go, you are still lapping everybody on the couch.” —Unknown
“Sweat is fat crying.” —Unknown
“You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.” —Wayne Gretzky
“The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person’s determination.” —Tommy Lasorda
“If you want something you’ve never had, you must be willing to do something you’ve never done.” —Thomas Jefferson
“To give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift.” —Steve Prefontaine
“You’re only one workout away from a good mood.” —Unknown
“Nothing will work unless you do.” —Maya Angelou
“Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.” —Unknown
“I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. Twenty-six times I’ve been trusted to take the game-winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.” —Michael Jordan
“Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.” —Mahatma Gandhi
“The difference between try and triumph is a little ‘umph’.” —Unknown
“The last three or four reps is what makes the muscle grow. This area of pain divides the champion from someone else who is not a champion. That’s what most people lack, having the guts to go on and just say they’ll go through the pain no matter what happens.” —Arnold Schwarzenegger
“Don’t count the days, make the days count.” —Muhammad Ali
“Making excuses burns zero calories per hour.” —Unknown
“If you’re tired of starting over, stop giving up.” —Unknown
“When you feel like quitting, think about why you started.” —Unknown
“Do what you have to do until you can do what you want to do.” —Oprah Winfrey
“Create healthy habits, not restrictions.” —Unknown
“Don’t let the scale define you. Be active, be healthy, be happy.” —Unknown
“It’s going to be a journey. It’s not a sprint to get in shape.” —Kerri Walsh Jennings
“No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow you progress, you are still way ahead of everyone who isn’t trying.” —Tony Robbins
“Just believe in yourself. Even if you don’t pretend that you do and, and some point, you will.” —Venus Williams
“Strive for progress, not perfection.” —Unknown
“All great achievements require time.” —Maya Angelou
“We cannot start over. But we can begin now and make a new ending.” —Zig Ziglar
“Every day is another chance to get stronger, to eat better, to live healthier, and to be the best version of you.” —Unknown